There is no place like 127.0.0.1
Susan Mauldin, Chief Security Officer at Equifax, was a music major.
Testing in production is the easiest way to get good testing results
Me: Hey Siri, who is your boyfriend? Siri: I'll leave the relations to the databases.
color 0a = hackerman
Hardware: The part of a computer thank you can kick
What is a programmer's favorite hangout place?: Foo Bar!
Why did the programmer quit his job?: He didn't get arrays!
Real programmers count from 0
Chuck Norris dosen't optomize his code. It optomizes itself!
Chuck Norryis can take a screenshot of his blue screen.
What did C++ say to C?: You have no class!
A user interface is like a joke. If you have to explain it, then it is not that good!
Client: What's your rate? Me: What's your budget?
You are the CSS to my HTML
What's a computer's favorite beat?: An algo-rhythm
What do you call a busy waiter?: A Server
What do you call an idle server?: A waiter
What died did the developer go on?: Boolean
!false: It's funny because it's true
Where di dthe parallel function wash it's hands?: Async
What is the second movie about a database engineer called?: The SQL
Why doesn't Hollywood make more Big Data Movies?: NoSQL!
What is the JavaScript developer sad?: Because they didn't node how to express himself!
Why did the react class component feel relieved?: Because it was now off the hook!
If InternetExplorer is brave enough to ask to be your default browser, than you are brave enough to ask that girl out.
How do you want your coffee?: I'll take mine #000000
Why did the web developer leave the restaurant?: Because of the table layout!
The developer status: "Sometimes I just need a <br>"
The only real use of InternetExplorer is to download Google Chrome!
The feeling when you have 127 Chrome tabs open and you can't find where the sound is coming from!
WebDev to Client: "You'll find a number of free tools online. I am not one of them"
If you can pick it up, it's a PC.
If you can't pick it up but you can push it over, it's a minicomputer.
When you can't pick it up or knock it over, it's a mainframe.
If Java was a car it would be an All-Terrain very slow vehicle.
No One: :) JavaScript Devs: 1+1=10
There is no cloud, it is just someone else's computer
sudo rm -rf /
Binary! It's as easy as 01,10,11!
2B || !2B - This is the real question
I wear glasses because I don't C#
3598th rule of programming - If it works, don't touch it!
Two Threads, A bar Walk, Into!